Develop (#2)
Akashrine/jbr-11ty: src/posts/it-is-not-about-solution/2020-07-07-it-is-not-about-solution.md

It is about putting aside any assumptions on the problem you think you solve. Of course you have your own feeling on what's a big issue VS what's a tiny problem, but globally you have stay outside the box. 
What is important to do when facing an issue, is taking rest. I'm not talking about having a nap, but step aside. WHY ? Because our brain has a lot of difficulties to "avoid" solution. When you see a problem you always thought at many funky ways to solve it. 

### Define the problem

The [__confirmation bias__](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confirmation_bias) can occur in a lot of kind of research, but by taking the problem mindset you should reduce the risk to only filter information that only confirm you hypothesis. 
Defining the problem is usually done by answering some question and by doing an Opportunity Assesment. 

Globally you have to : 

1. Establish the need for a solution :
   1. What is the basic need ?
   2. What is the outcome ?
   3. Who's our customer target (or Persona) ?
2. Define the why :
   1. Is it in the company goal ? aligned with your strategy ?
   2. What is the company outcome / desire ?
3. Set the contextualization of the problem :

>    1. What other have tried ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. What else have you tried ?
```

   2. What have you already tried (if you did) ?
   3. What are the impacts, the constraints ?
4. Write down the final statement of the problem :
   1. Is it only ONE problem ?
   2. What are the requirements ?

>    3. What are the key metric we want to measure ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. What are the key metrics we want to measure ?
```

   4. How do you measure the success of the metrics ?
   5. Define goals / Define non-goals

You should have a better understanding of your problem and as you can see, we haven't yet touch the How. Now it's a matter of __breaking down__ the problem. 

### Breakdown the problem in issues

> I'm used to say : one problem at the time. It is the same that in Mathematics : Factorization. The idea is to obtain smaller and more precise problem of that big problem. There's a lot of methodology to do this : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I usually say: one problem at the time. It is the same as factorization in mathematics. The idea is to obtain smaller and more precise problems from the big problem. There are many methodologies to do this: 
```

> * fishbone

Reviewer: I think you should add links to these

* 5 why
* Lean Canvas 

> All of this help you finding your root/core problem(s) and its baby brothers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of this helps you find your root/core problem(s) and its baby brothers. 
```
Brothers === siblings but you're talking about the children of the bigger problem right?

Author: yes i am

> It's important to have smaller part of an issue for 3 reasons :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to break down an issue into smaller parts for 3 reasons :
```

1. Parallelisation of dev

> 2. Ease to define a MVP (minimum viable product) or a more fancy RAT (Riskiest Assumption and test)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To ease defining a MVP (minimum viable product) or a more fancy RAT (Riskiest Assumption and Test)
```

> 3. Easier to go deeper in your main problem by digging in every small aspects of it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Easier to go deeper into your main problem by digging into every small aspect of it
```

### Prioritize the issues

> I'll write an article on __prioritization__ because it is a deep subject. There are several types of prioritization along the Product Process: Insights Prioritization, Prioritization between projects, Prioritization within projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'll write a separate article on __prioritization__ because it is a deep subject. There are several types of prioritization along the Product Process: Insights Prioritization, Prioritization between projects, Prioritization within projects. 
```

>  Here i'm not talking about prioritizing all you problems but prioritizing the issues you've split from the problem we're breaking down. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Here I'm not talking about prioritizing all your problems but prioritizing the issues you've split from the problem we're breaking down. 
```

(insert image priorization Primary Research / Secondary Research)

There's once again a lot of methodology about prioritizing : 

* Use of matrix 
* [RICE](https://www.intercom.com/blog/rice-simple-prioritization-for-product-managers/) (Reach, Impact, Confidence, Effot)
* [SIEVE Checklist](https://engineering.brigad.co/how-we-prioritize-features-at-brigad-the-sieve-checklist-de8c2b18d12a)
* [Priority Scorecard](https://danielelizalde.com/product_management_scorecard/) (custom criteria)

Once all of this over, you're done with __Opportunity Assessment__. 

## Then Solution : the winning tryptic 

In order to find good solutions to the well defined problem, you can't be alone.
I have the chance to work in a [company](https://heetch.com) where I'm surrounded by amazing colleagues with the right roles and missions :
* An [Engineering Manager](https://twitter.com/DavidGuyon) (EM)

> * A [Product Designer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elodiemermet/) (PD) 

Reviewer: The cool awesome developers that implement it :sunglasses:

I'll write another article (that makes a lot to write 😃) on this but globally here's how we work : 

> __Product Manager__ : Digging problems, cracking them, prioritize, define ... I'm about where do we go, why, when for what results. Challenging and helping Product Designer on the solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Product Manager__ : Digging into problems, cracking them, prioritizing, defining... I'm about where do we go, why, when, and for what results. Challenging and helping the Product Designer on the solution
```

__Product Designer__ : Cracking problems into solutions, designing, iterating, testing, interviewing users, user research ...   

__Engineering Manager__ : Discovery + Delivery, how to do the solution, define technical risk, challenge solution, define effort, think about scale, manage amazing developers. 

> Thanks a lot for all of you who reach the end of this first article. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks a lot for all of you who reached the end of this first article. 
```
